<!-- source: https://www.anthropic.com/legal/credit-terms -->

These Supplemental Credits Terms (“**Credit Terms**”) form part of the agreement you or the organization, company, or other entity that you represent (“**Customer**”) have with Anthropic that links to or otherwise references these Credit Terms (“**Agreement**”). Any capitalized terms not defined in these Credit Terms will have the definitions stated in the Agreement.

## A. Types of Credits

1. **Usage Credits.** Unless otherwise agreed to between Customer and Anthropic, Anthropic may require Customer to prepay for certain Services by purchasing credits sufficient to cover Customer’s usage according to [Model Pricing Page](https://www.anthropic.com/pricing), as may be updated from time to time (“**Usage Credits**”). Customer’s order for Usage Credits constitutes an offer by Customer to purchase those Usage Credits. Anthropic will notify Customer if it accepts Customer’s offer (the "**Confirmation Notice**"). These Credit Terms will become effective when Anthropic sends the Confirmation Notice.
2. **Promotional Credits.** Anthropic may, in its sole discretion, offer Customer free credits as part of a promotion or during sign up for the Services (“**Promotional Credits**”).

## B. Terms

1. **Non-Refundable.** Credits issued by Anthropic, which includes Usage Credits, Promotional Credits and any other credits Anthropic offers (“**Credits**”) are non-refundable. Usage Credits expire one calendar year from the date Anthropic sends the Confirmation Notice or otherwise issues the Credits. Promotional Credits expire at the time indicated when issued (or otherwise one calendar year from when issued if no time is specified). Credits will also automatically expire if Customer closes its Anthropic account and cannot be recovered. Credits are not legal tender or currency of any kind and have no cash value. Customer can check the number of Credits associated with Customer’s Anthropic account on the [Plans & Billing Page](https://console.anthropic.com/settings/plans).
2. **No Transfer.** Customer may not transfer or sell Credits, whether paid for or provided as part of a promotion, to any other person or entity, and Credits may only be used by the holder of the Anthropic account to which the Credits are associated.
3. **Balance Maintenance Service.** Customer may have the option to automatically reload Credits by a certain amount (“**Balance Maintenance Service**”) when Customer reaches a certain level, which may be set by Customer on the [Plans & Billing Page](https://console.anthropic.com/settings/plans) of Customer’s Anthropic account. If Customer activates the Balance Maintenance Service, Customer authorizes Anthropic to charge the payment method designated in Customer’s account on a recurring basis for the applicable fees and taxes for the amount of Credits added to Customer’s Anthropic account as part of the Balance Maintenance Service, until Customer opts out of the Balance Maintenance Service. All Credits added to Customer’s Anthropic account as part of the Balance Maintenance Service will be charged on or around the day on which the Credits are added to Customer’s Anthropic account.
