<!-- source: https://www.anthropic.com/ai-for-science-program-rules -->

# Anthropic’s AI for Science Program Official Rules

Last updated Feb 18, 2026

Anthropic’s AI for Science Program (the “Program”) is sponsored by Anthropic, PBC (“Anthropic,” “we,” “our,” or “us”). The Program and all entries are subject to and governed by Anthropic’s privacy policy available at <https://www.anthropic.com/legal/privacy> (“Privacy Policy”) and these rules (together with the Privacy Policy, these “Rules”).

1. **Binding Decisions**. By applying to and/or participating in the Program, you agree to be bound by the decisions of Anthropic. Anthropic will choose the winning researcher in its sole discretion, and the API Credits (as defined below) will be awarded in accordance with these Rules.
2. **Eligibility Criteria**. If you are an individual, then you must be at least 18 years of age or, if greater, the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence at the time of application. If you are employed by a legal entity or affiliated with a university or other research institution, then you represent and warrant that you have obtained all consents from that employer or institution necessary to participate in the Program. You may not be a legal resident of Belarus, China, Cuba, Iran, Myanmar, North Korea, Russia, Sudan, Syria, Crimea, and the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic or Luhansk People’s Republic. You may not be a person prohibited from participating in the Program or receiving funds or services under U.S. or other applicable laws, regulations, or export controls. Employees, officers, directors, agents, representatives and their immediate families (spouse, parents, children, siblings and each of their spouses regardless of where they live) or members of household of Anthropic and anyone connected with the operation of this Program are not eligible to enter or be awarded API Credits.
3. **Applications**.
   1. All applications are made by, and are the responsibility of, the applicant. Anthropic will correspond with and, if applicable, award API Credits to the applicant. If the applicant is a team, then Anthropic will, if applicable, award the API Credits to the team. In the event of any dispute as to the identity of an applicant, Anthropic will determine the identity of the applicant in its sole discretion. Any dispute among team members must be resolved by and among team members. A dispute among team members may result in disqualification.
   2. You must have all necessary rights to submit your application to the Program. You represent and warrant that your application contains only your original work and is not in violation of any law, regulation, or third-party rights.
   3. Only fully complete and compliant applications are eligible to receive API Credits pursuant to these Rules, with such eligibility determined in Anthropic’s sole discretion. All interpretations of these Rules and decisions made by Anthropic relating to the Program are final and binding in all respects.
   4. You acknowledge that Anthropic may have developed or commissioned materials similar or identical to your application, and that other applicants may provide materials that are similar to the materials in your application, and you waive any claims resulting from such similarities.
4. **Judging Criteria and Researcher Selection**. Entries that fail to meet the eligibility criteria under these Rules, including the application requirements specified above, are deemed incomplete and, at the discretion of Anthropic, may be disqualified.
   1. On the first Monday of each month, Anthropic will select winning applications from among all eligible entries received as part of the Program (each applicant that submits a winning application, a “Selected Researcher”). Each Selected Researcher will be selected based on an objective evaluation of their application responses.
   2. Applications will also undergo a biosecurity assessment to ensure they do not raise concerns around accelerating harmful applications. Anthropic will select Selected Researchers based on these criteria, with the highest-scoring eligible applications receiving API Credits. All judging decisions are final and binding. Anthropic reserves the right to disqualify any application at its sole discretion if it is submitted in bad faith or raises any concerns regarding compliance with these Rules.
5. **Selected Researcher Notification**. Becoming a Selected Researcher is subject to validation and verification of eligibility and compliance with all the Rules. The potential Selected Researchers will be selected and notified via the email address provided at the time of registration. If a potential Selected Researcher does not respond to the notification attempt within five (5) business days after the first notification attempt, then the potential Selected Researcher may be disqualified and an alternate potential Selected Researcher may be selected from among qualifying entries based on the judging criteria described in these Rules. The potential Selected Researcher (and, if the potential Selected Researcher is a team or entity, each natural person associated with the potential Selected Researcher) may be required to sign an affidavit of certifying compliance with these Rules along with a publicity and liability release, each of which, if requested, must be completed, signed, and returned to Anthropic within fourteen calendar (14) days from the date of Anthropic’s request, or the API Credits may be forfeited and awarded to an alternate applicant. Anthropic is not responsible for any change of an applicant’s email address, mailing address, or telephone number.
6. **Prize and Related Terms**. Selected Researchers will receive Anthropic API credits (the “API Credits”). API Credits will be placed in the account for the organization identified in your application.
7. **Publicity**. Except where prohibited by law, you, on behalf of yourself and the entity or team you are associated with (including all team members), grant permission to Anthropic to use or publish your names, biographical information, photographs, voices and/or likenesses for advertising and promotional purposes worldwide in perpetuity without compensation or notification to or permission of any kind, except as prohibited by law.
8. **Data Use and Research**. Selected Researchers represent and warrant that they have obtained all necessary permissions from their employer or institution to allow Anthropic to collect, analyze, train models on, and conduct research on all data, including Inputs and Outputs, generated from use of the API Credits. Selected Researchers acknowledge that Anthropic will use this data for product development, model training, and improvement of our Services. By accepting API Credits, Selected Researchers grant Anthropic a perpetual, irrevocable license to use Program data for these purposes. Selected Researchers will participate in research surveys and interviews conducted using Anthropic's tools, and Anthropic may retain, analyze, and conduct research on resulting interview transcripts. Anthropic may publish anonymized and aggregated research findings derived from Selected Researcher's participation in the Program.
9. **Taxes**. API Credits awarded under this Program may have different tax implications than cash prizes. Selected Researchers are solely responsible for determining whether receipt of API Credits creates any tax obligations in their jurisdiction. By accepting API Credits, Selected Researchers acknowledge that (a) Anthropic makes no representations regarding the tax treatment of API Credits; (b) Anthropic will not issue tax documentation (such as 1099 forms or equivalents) for API Credits unless specifically required by applicable law; and (c) they are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisors regarding any potential tax implications. If, under applicable law, Anthropic is required to collect any tax information or documentation related to the award of API Credits, Selected Researchers agree to provide such information upon request. If a potential Selected Researcher fails to provide such documentation or comply with such laws, the API Credits may be forfeited and Anthropic may, in its sole discretion, select an alternative potential Selected Researcher.
10. **Cancellation, Suspension or Amendment**. Anthropic reserves the right in its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify, or suspend the Program. Anthropic reserves the right to correct any typographical, printing, computer programming or operator errors, including without limitation computer errors that erroneously award API Credits. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you may not assert any claims, demands, or actions of any kind arising from or in connection with the cancellation, suspension or amendment of the Program.
11. **Disclaimer**. Anthropic disclaims all warranties not expressly stated in these Rules. Anthropic does not guarantee uninterrupted service, specific outcomes from use of the API Credits, or that the API Credits will meet Selected Researchers’ specific requirements or expectations. The API Credits are provided “as is”.
12. **Limitation of Liability**. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANTHROPIC WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THESE RULES OR THE PROGRAM. ANTHROPIC'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THESE RULES OR THE PROGRAM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO THE ACTUAL VALUE OF API CREDITS AWARDED TO YOU OR $1,000, WHICHEVER IS LESS. THIS LIMITATION DOES NOT APPLY TO CLAIMS THAT CANNOT BE LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
13. **Governing Law and Disputes**. These Rules and the Program shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding all conflict of law rules. The exclusive forum and venue for any dispute arising from these Rules or the Program shall exclusively be in San Francisco, California. To the extent permitted by law, you waive your rights to seek injunctive relief.
14. **Miscellaneous**. These Rules are Anthropic’s and your entire agreement regarding the subject matter herein and supersede any prior or contemporaneous agreements regarding such subject matter. These Rules are entered into solely between, and may be enforced only by, Anthropic and you. These Rules will not be deemed to create any rights in third parties or to create any obligations of a party to any such third parties. In these Rules, headings are for convenience only and “including” and similar terms are to be construed without limitation. If any provision of these Rules is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it will be limited to the minimum extent necessary so that the rest of these Rules remain in full force and effect. Waivers must be signed by the waiving party’s authorized representative and cannot be implied from conduct. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in these Rules, any amendments, modifications, or supplements to these Rules must be in writing and signed by each party’s authorized representatives or, as appropriate, agreed through electronic means provided by Anthropic.
